# Additional Use Grant: Argus World Labs, Inc.

Argus World Labs, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries and affiliates, "Argus") is granted an additional use grant to allow Argus to use the Polaris software code (which is made available to Argus subject to the license available at https://github.com/berachain/polaris/blob/main/eth/LICENSE (the "Polaris Code")). As part of this additional use grant, Licensor hereby grants Argus a worldwide, irrevocable, perpetual (subject to transition to the Change License on the Change Date), royalty-free, non-transferable and non-sublicensable (in each case other than as permitted under this Additional License (as defined below)) right and license to use, copy, modify, reproduce, distribute, make production use of, and create, reproduce, distribute, and otherwise exploit derivative works of the Polaris Code for the purposes of: creating, distributing, and making available Argus' blockchain-based games platform and services ("Argus Platform"), and to modify and update the Argus Platform over time (the “Additional License”). Argus is permitted to use subcontractors to do this work. This Additional License is conditional on Argus complying with the terms of the Business Source License 1.1, made available at https://github.com/berachain/polaris/blob/main/eth/LICENSE (the "BSL License"). Any use of the Polaris Code in material violation of the terms of this Additional License or the BSL License will terminate Argus' rights under this Additional License for the current and all other versions of the Polaris Code if Argus fails to cure such violation within 10 days written notice thereof from Licensor. The Additional License shall automatically terminate and shall be replaced by the Change License on the Change Date. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in the BSL License.

The parties agree to work together to issue a joint press release announcing the relationship based on this Additional License and describing the nature of their relationship hereunder. However, except as set forth above, no announcement, publication or other disclosure concerning the parties' relationship shall be made by a party except upon the advance written consent of the other party. Each party shall have the non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, worldwide, royalty-free, revocable, limited right to (a) display the other party's logo and (b) disclose Argus' use of the Polaris Code in written, oral and electronic materials (including such party's advertising, website and social media accounts) in each case solely for the purpose of identifying Argus as a user of the Polaris Code and for no other purpose; provided in each case that (i) such party complies with the other party's reasonable brand guidelines provided by the other party in writing from time to time, if any, and (ii) such party obtains the prior written consent of the other party. Except as expressly permitted in the foregoing license, each party agrees that it shall not use any trademark, service mark, trade name, or other name or logo of the other party in any advertising or publicity without the prior written consent of such party.

Argus agrees that it will not transfer or sublicence the Additional License in whole or in part to any person (including without limitation any individual, proprietorship, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, organization, firm, business, joint venture, association, trust or other entity or business arrangement) without the prior written consent of Licensor.
